

## Motivation      
The energy crisis without a doubt is a major problem nowadays. Resources are running low and energy preserving technologies are on the rise. A quite popular field with a lot of innovative ideas are Smart Homes. A downside of most of these systems is that for their implementation they require a high scale rewiring of the houses. Our System, the “Universal intelligent Switch” solves this issue. Even with its easy installation, it can already save a lot of energy and is practical as well.   
## Previous Knowledge      
To realize the project, we had to apply prior knowledge from all electronic specific subjects. DIC provided us the Know-how to deal with and program Interfaces and Microcontrollers. From FSST, we were already familiar with the development environments C# and VS-Code to some extent. MTRS provided us with the knowledge to do Hardware and Temperature specific calculations and last but not least through KSN we had previously gained a basic understanding of wireless communication, especially Wi-Fi.   
## Implementation      
From a Hardware viewpoint, the task was to recreate a commonly known light switch, with the added capability of being controlled by the Microprocessor. The temperature values were also read to give a reference for the heating regulation. Lastly, the power supply had to be provided via the grid. Temperature as well as size restrictions had to be taken into account.      On the Software side, the communications between uC and Bridge as well as between Bridge and Client have to be set up. Furthermore, the Firmware for all of these components needs to be created and implemented. 
